feat: export AnnounceProvider & useAnnounce() (#30328)
microsoft/fluentui: packages/react-components/react-shared-contexts/stories/UseAnnouce/UseAnnounceDescription.md

`useAnnounce()` is a React hook that provides a function that can be used to announce messages to screen readers.

> **Note:** This hook requires that you app has injected the implementation of announcements into the DOM and announce function is passed to `<AnnounceProvider />`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Note:** This hook requires an aria-live announcer implementation that is configured through the  `<AnnounceProvider />`. Define this context near the top level of your application.:
```

Reviewer: aria-live is a pretty terrible thing to implement. I do think that a standard implementation of an announcer should be offered by us. It's what I meant that we could port the FAI one over to FUI and make FAI depend on FUI there

Author: I will port an announcer in a separate PR, I decided to not mention it there before it will be done.

```tsx
import { AnnounceProvider, useAnnounce } from '@fluentui/react-components';

function AnnounceConsumer() {
  const { announce } = useAnnounce();

  // ...
  // component that triggers announcement
}

function Announcer(props) {
  const announce = message => {
    // ...
    // implementation of announcement
  };
  const contextValue = React.useMemo(() => ({ announce }), [announce]);

  return <AnnounceProvider value={contextValue}>{props.children}</AnnounceProvider>;
}

function App() {
  return (
    <AnnounceProvider>
      <AnnounceConsumer />
    </AnnounceProvider>
  );
}
```

## API

```ts

> useAnnonce(message: string, options?: AnnounceOptions) {}

Author: Yeah... I will check, locally it worked fine
